{"call_type":"pre_procedure","outcome":"escalated","sentiment_start":"neutral","sentiment_end":"positive","quality_score":4,"quality_reasons":["Verified identity with name, DOB and phone digits before discussing appointment details","Correctly declined to guess on conflicting clinical fasting instructions and escalated to the pre-procedure nurse team as urgent","Caught and corrected outdated appointment time and location that the patient had not been notified about","Proactively updated the stale email on file and reported the recurring packet/text discrepancy to the team lead","Excessive small talk and multiple audio/technical glitches made an otherwise simple call run over nine minutes"],"flags":[{"type":"misinformation","description":"Patient received contradictory pre-procedure fasting instructions from the preparation packet versus the automated reminder text, a recurring issue affecting multiple patients this week.","evidence":"The packet says nothing to eat or drink after midnight. But I already got a text this morning, a reminder, and it says clear liquids are fine up to two hours before arrival."},{"type":"other","description":"Appointment time and location were changed with notification sent only to an outdated email address, leaving the patient unaware until this call.","evidence":"it looks like the update went out by email only, and I see the email on your file might be an old one"}],"action_items":[{"owner":"pre-procedure nurse team","task":"Call patient back with correct eating/drinking instructions for Friday's endoscopy (urgent message sent by agent)","due":"today before 5:00 pm"},{"owner":"agent (Celeste)","task":"Report conflicting packet vs. text fasting instructions to team lead for correction","due":"unspecified"}],"summary_notes":"Patient Ottoline Ferraby-Nkemelu called to confirm details for upper endoscopy with Dr. Halvorsen-Adu on Friday, May 8. Identity verified (name, DOB, phone ending 8133). Corrected appointment details: arrive 7:00 a.m. (not 7:30) at Westbrook endoscopy center, second floor (not Main Street); prior change notification went to an outdated email. Email updated to ottoline.f.n@gmail.com. Patient asked which fasting instruction applies (packet: nothing after midnight; text: clear liquids up to 2 hours before). Agent correctly declined to advise clinically and sent an urgent message to the pre-procedure nurse team for a same-day callback before 5 pm; discrepancy also reported to team lead (third such inquiry this week). Reminded patient an adult driver is required due to sedation; parking validation available at front desk.","notable_details":["Corrected arrival time: 7:00 a.m. Friday, May 8, 2026 (letter said 7:30)","Corrected location: Westbrook endoscopy center, second floor (letter said Main Street building)","Email on file was outdated; updated to ottoline.f.n@gmail.com","Upper endoscopy with Dr. Halvorsen-Adu; adult driver required due to sedation, no taxis or rideshares alone","Parking validation for the garage available at the front desk","Agent stated patient is the third person this week asking about the packet/text fasting discrepancy","Patient prefers electronic communications, noted on file","Agent experienced recurring headset/IT issues during the call; IT reportedly 'looking into it'"]}